[Autogenerated] after highlighting the short communes of enter and testing.
Let's look at another approach where we use marks or stops to replace
the dependencies of our micro services on the test.
With this approach, we have some automated tests,
which this time live in the same project as a Michael service they belong to.
They'll spin up in individual instance off the micro service on tests,
um, interaction with it by its A p I or free publishing messages.
When the micro service calls another micro service,
we can replace it with a Stobaugh remark.
This is essentially a fake double, which mimics Israel counterpart.
The two terms can sometimes be a little overloaded,
so to elaborate on markets where instances of objects were replaced by
a _____ by using a mocking framework like mosquito.
Where is the stop is an external process which is
communicated with as if it's a real micro service.
This approach obviously has some advantages over and to end.
Testing has now we're no longer dependent on an environment
and contest are micro service in isolation,
But the reality is that is many short communist
today s approach to First of all,
it's a manual process to create our stops and marks.
This can be slow and tedious and also painful to get right.
There are also difficult to maintain.
When a producer changes, it's a P I.
All of its marks must be updated.
Also,
these marks might live in multiple services needing
to be changed in many places.
This process is also quite error prone as it's a human,
either has to make sure no mistakes of the maze.
False positives are also a problem.
As again,
there's no automated means of determining whether a mark or a
storm is a reflection of its real counterpart.
Test can be written against the store, been them.
Pass only for the rial service to be deployed to
production on for a discovery to be made, that the stop was wrong and for that service to fail.